README.md, before:

# ao.js: A Process Oriented AO Library
[![npm version](https://img.shields.io/npm/v/ao-js-sdk)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/ao-js-sdk)
[![npm downloads](https://img.shields.io/npm/dm/ao-js-sdk)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/ao-js-sdk)
[![license](https://img.shields.io/npm/l/ao-js-sdk)](https://github.com/RandAOLabs/ao-js-sdk/blob/main/LICENSE)
[![issues](https://img.shields.io/github/issues/RandAOLabs/ao-js-sdk)](https://github.com/RandAOLabs/ao-js-sdk/issues)
[![GitHub stars](https://img.shields.io/github/stars/RandAOLabs/ao-js-sdk?style=social)](https://github.com/RandAOLabs/ao-js-sdk)
[![Documentation](https://img.shields.io/badge/docs-online-blue)](https://randaolabs.github.io/ao-js-sdk/)

<p align="center">
  📚 <a href="https://randaolabs.github.io/ao-js-sdk/">Read the Documentation</a>
</p>

A modular TypeScript Process client library for AO Process interactions. This library simplifies interactions with various AO processes.
---
## Install
```bash
npm i ao-js-sdk
```

## Environment
### Node
Create a `.env` file:
```
# Defaults to wallet.json if not specified
PATH_TO_WALLET="wallet.json"
```
And a JWKInterface json file representing a wallet.
### Browser
Ensure `globalThis.arweaveWallet` is set to an arweave wallet.

Commit message:

Add AO JS SDK MCP Server Documentation and Build Scripts
- Introduced comprehensive documentation for the AO JS SDK MCP server, detailing installation, configuration, usage, and troubleshooting.
- Implemented build script for the MCP server to automate dependency installation and server building.
- Created configuration script to manage MCP settings across different platforms and clients.
- Developed generation script for the MCP server, extracting client information from TypeScript declaration files and generating server code, package.json, and TypeScript configuration.
- Added utility functions for generating code examples and tool responses within the MCP server.

README.md, after:

# ao.js: A Process Oriented AO Library
[![npm version](https://img.shields.io/npm/v/ao-js-sdk)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/ao-js-sdk)
[![npm downloads](https://img.shields.io/npm/dm/ao-js-sdk)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/ao-js-sdk)
[![license](https://img.shields.io/npm/l/ao-js-sdk)](https://github.com/RandAOLabs/ao-js-sdk/blob/main/LICENSE)
[![issues](https://img.shields.io/github/issues/RandAOLabs/ao-js-sdk)](https://github.com/RandAOLabs/ao-js-sdk/issues)
[![GitHub stars](https://img.shields.io/github/stars/RandAOLabs/ao-js-sdk?style=social)](https://github.com/RandAOLabs/ao-js-sdk)
[![Documentation](https://img.shields.io/badge/docs-online-blue)](https://randaolabs.github.io/ao-js-sdk/)

<p align="center">
  📚 <a href="https://randaolabs.github.io/ao-js-sdk/">Read the Documentation</a>
</p>

A modular TypeScript Process client library for AO Process interactions. This library simplifies interactions with various AO processes.

---

## Install
```bash
npm i ao-js-sdk
```

## MCP Server for AI Code Assistance

**Use this SDK with AI models like Claude, GPT, or any MCP-compatible LLM for intelligent code generation!**

### Quick Setup
```bash
# Clone and setup MCP server
git clone https://github.com/RandAOLabs/ao-js-sdk.git
cd ao-js-sdk
npm install
npm run setup:mcp
```

### What You Get
- **390+ AI Tools** covering every SDK method
- **Auto-generated code examples** for all AO operations  
- **Real-time documentation** that stays in sync with the SDK
- **Cross-platform support** (Windows, macOS, Linux)
- **Zero maintenance** - updates automatically

### Documentation
- 📖 **[Using the MCP Server](./docs/using-mcp-server.md)** - Setup and usage guide
- 🔧 **[MCP Generation System](./docs/mcp-server-generation.md)** - Technical details
- 🤖 **Ask your AI**: "How do I transfer AO tokens?" and get instant, accurate code!

---

## Environment
### Node
Create a `.env` file:
```
# Defaults to wallet.json if not specified
PATH_TO_WALLET="wallet.json"
```
And a JWKInterface json file representing a wallet.
### Browser
Ensure `globalThis.arweaveWallet` is set to an arweave wallet.
